[Feature][Connector]add s3file save mode function (#6131)
apache/seatunnel: docs/en/connector-v2/sink/S3File.md

| sheet_name                       | string  | no       | Sheet${Random number}                                 | Only used when file_format is excel.                                                                                                                                  |
| hadoop_s3_properties             | map     | no       |                                                       | If you need to add a other option, you could add it here and refer to this [link](https://hadoop.apache.org/docs/stable/hadoop-aws/tools/hadoop-aws/index.html)       |
| schema_save_mode                 | Enum    | no       | CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST                          | Before turning on the synchronous task, do different treatment of the target path                                                                                     |
| data_save_mode                   | Enum    | no       | APPEND_DATA                                           | Before opening the synchronous task, the data file in the target path is differently processed                                                                        |

### path [string]

> Store the path of the data file to support variable replacement. For example: path=/test/${database_name}/${schema_name}/${table_name}

Reviewer: Please add examples for it.

Author: added

Writer the sheet of the workbook

### schema_save_mode[Enum]

Before turning on the synchronous task, do different treatment of the target path.  
Option introduction：  

> `RECREATE_SCHEMA` ：Will create when the path does not exist, delete and rebuild when the path is saved        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RECREATE_SCHEMA` ：Will be created when the path does not exist. If the path already exists, delete the path and recreate it.
```

Author: updated

> `CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST` ：Will Created when the path does not exist, skipped when the path is saved        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST` ：Will Created when the path does not exist, use the path when the path is exist.        
```

Author: updated

`ERROR_WHEN_SCHEMA_NOT_EXIST` ：Error will be reported when the path does not exist

### data_save_mode[Enum]

Before opening the synchronous task, the data file in the target path is differently processed.
Option introduction：  

> `DROP_DATA`： Preserve path structure and delete data  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DROP_DATA`： use the path but delete data files in the path.
```

Author: updated

> `APPEND_DATA`：Preserve path structure, preserve data   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`APPEND_DATA`：use the path, and add new files in the path for write datas.   
```

Author: updated

> `ERROR_WHEN_DATA_EXISTS`：When there is data, an error is reported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ERROR_WHEN_DATA_EXISTS`：When there are some data files in the path, an error will reported.
```

Author: updated

    access_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    secret_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    file_format_type = "orc"
    schema_save_mode = "CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST"
    data_save_mode="APPEND_DATA"
  }

```

Multi-table writing and saveMode

```
env {
"job.name"="SeaTunnel_job"
"job.mode"=STREAMING
}
source {
MySQL-CDC {
    
    "connect.max-retries"=3
    "connection.pool.size"=6

>     "chunk-key.even-distribution.factor.lower-bound"=0.05
>     "chunk-key.even-distribution.factor.upper-bound"=100
>     "sample-sharding.threshold"=1000
>     "inverse-sampling.rate"=1000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    access_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    secret_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    file_format_type = "orc"
    schema_save_mode = "CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST"
    data_save_mode="APPEND_DATA"
  }

```

Multi-table writing and saveMode

```
env {
"job.name"="SeaTunnel_job"
"job.mode"=STREAMING
}
source {
MySQL-CDC {

>     updateFieldType=null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    updateFieldType=null
    autoCreateShow=true
    autoCreate=false
    autoTable=false
```

    access_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    secret_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    file_format_type = "orc"
    schema_save_mode = "CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST"
    data_save_mode="APPEND_DATA"
  }

```

Multi-table writing and saveMode

```
env {
"job.name"="SeaTunnel_job"
"job.mode"=STREAMING
}
source {
MySQL-CDC {

>     updateFieldType=null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
```

>     autoCreateShow=true
>     autoCreate=false
>     autoTable=false
>     autoCreateShow=true
>     autoCreate=false
>     autoTable=false
>     format=DEFAULT
>     "snapshot.split.size"=8096
>     "snapshot.fetch.size"=1024
>     "incremental.parallelism"=1
>     "connect.timeout.ms"=30000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
env {
"job.name"="SeaTunnel_job"
"job.mode"=STREAMING
}
source {
MySQL-CDC {
    updateFieldType=null
    autoCreateShow=true
    autoCreate=false
    autoTable=false
    format=DEFAULT
    "snapshot.split.size"=8096
    "snapshot.fetch.size"=1024
    "incremental.parallelism"=1
    "connect.timeout.ms"=30000
    "connect.max-retries"=3
    "connection.pool.size"=6
    "chunk-key.even-distribution.factor.lower-bound"=0.05
    "chunk-key.even-distribution.factor.upper-bound"=100
    "sample-sharding.threshold"=1000
    "inverse-sampling.rate"=1000
    "startup.mode"=INITIAL
    "exactly_once"="true"
    "stop.mode"=NEVER
    parallelism=1
    "result_table_name"=Table11519548644512
    "dag-parsing.mode"=MULTIPLEX
    catalog {
        factory=Mysql
    }
    database-names=[
        "wls_t1"
    ]
    table-names=[
        "wls_t1.mysqlcdc_to_s3_t3",
        "wls_t1.mysqlcdc_to_s3_t4",
        "wls_t1.mysqlcdc_to_s3_t5",
        "wls_t1.mysqlcdc_to_s3_t1",
        "wls_t1.mysqlcdc_to_s3_t2"
    ]
    password="xxxxxx"
    username="xxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    base-url="jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/qa_source"
    server-time-zone=UTC
}
}
transform {
}
sink {
S3File {

>     updateFieldType=null

Reviewer: It seems `updateFieldType`,`autoCreateShow `,`autoTable ` is not the options of S3 Sink Connector.
And `partition_dir_expression ` `is_partition_field_write_in_file ` are no need to config when `have_partition = false`.

Please check the examples config, It needs to be sufficiently correct.

    access_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    secret_key = "xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    file_format_type = "orc"

>     schema_save_mode = "CREATE_SCHEMA_WHEN_NOT_EXIST"

Reviewer: Please add examples for `Multiple Table Writes`

Author: added
